+++
title = "How Organizational Reputation and Trust May Affect the Autonomy of Independent Regulators: The Case of the Flemish Energy Regulator"
date = 2014-10-30T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Koen Verhoest", "Jan Rommel", "Jan Boon"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["6"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Organizational Reputation in the Public Sector*"
publication_short = "In *Organizational Reputation in the Public Sector*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This chapter explores how an independent regulatory agency can develop a reputation for being a trustworthy actor and how this reputation and the corresponding trust from the political principal can affect the autonomy of the agency."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["rep"]

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "https://www.taylorfrancis.com/books/e/9781315850825/chapters/10.4324/9781315850825-14"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true


+++