+++
title = "Media and bureaucratic reputation: Exploring media biases in the coverage of public agencies"
date = 2018-12-01T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Boon", "Heidi Houlberg Salomonsen", "Koen Verhoest", "Mette Østergaard Pedersen"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["6"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *The Blind Spots of Public Bureaucracy and the Politics of Non‐Coordination*"
publication_short = "In *The Blind Spots of Public Bureaucracy and the Politics of Non‐Coordination*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "How agencies perceive, process, and prioritize multiple (potentially conflicting) audiences’ expectations of components of their reputations is a core interest of bureaucratic reputation theorists. Agencies must choose which dimension(s) to stress towards specific audiences, a process referred to as ‘prioritizing’. Boon, Salomonsen, Verhoest, and Pedersen challenge a central argument of contemporary bureaucratic reputation theory, namely that prioritizing assumes government agencies to be rational, politically conscious organizations with incentives to avoid reputational damages and political sanctions. The chapter tests the claim that agency behaviour is (at least to some extent) driven by the distinctive logic of the media rather than by assessments of the relative strength of different dimensions of an agency’s reputation that are subjected to threats, or by the nature of the agency’s task."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["rep"]

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-76672-0_9"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true


+++