+++
title = "Moving the governance of shared service centres (SSCs) forward: juxtaposing agency theory and stewardship theory"
date = 2018-01-16T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Boon"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Public Money & Management*"
publication_short = "In *Public Money & Management*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Shared Service Centers (SSCs) are popular arrangements for the delivery of support services. However, no-one has systematically analysed how conventional ideas on how to govern SSCs have been introduced in governments. This paper explores the governance of SSCs by juxtaposing agency and stewardship governance prescriptions, and by relating them to empirical examples. More research is needed on the conditions under which different governance methods work."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["orgdes"]

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/09540962.2018.1407135"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true


+++