+++
title = "Public Sector Organizations and Reputation"
date = 2019-11-25T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Boon", "Heidi Houlberg Salomonsen"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["6"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Handbook of Public Sector Communication*"
publication_short = "In *Handbook of Public Sector Communication*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "That reputation may serve public organizations as an intangible asset has increasingly been recognized in recent years by public managers and academic scholars alike. Contemporary public organizations operate in environments, which for a number of reasons makes reputation relevant. The chapter is organized as follows. First, we describe how the concept of reputation is defined within the three approaches as well as account for the main theoretical arguments underpinning the empirical findings within each approach. In relation to this, we further discuss into two central aspects for the development of research in public sector organizations. First, we assess the degree to which scholars in the different approaches have come in terms of not only identifying the relevance of reputation for public sector organizations but as importantly in terms of conceptualizing and identifying public sector reputation and reputation‐sensitive behavior performed by these organizations. Second, we assess the degree to which the theories put forward implicitly or explicitly provide for a causal argument reflecting an ambition to move beyond description toward explanation and the empirical identification of causes and effects of public sector organizations’ reputation."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["rep"]

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "[https://www.wiley.com/en-us/The+Handbook+of+Public+Sector+Communication-p-9781119263142]"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true


+++