+++
title = "A reputation for what, to whom, and in which task environment: A commentary"
date = 2019-10-30T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Boon", "Heidi Houlberg Salomonsen", "Koen Verhoest"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Regulation & Governance*"
publication_short = "In *Regulation & Governance*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The purpose of this commentary is to continue and advance the discussion on the relevance of a reputational approach in the fields of regulation and governance. The authors build on Capelos et al.’s (2016) important study in Regulation & Governance, and discuss several themes that had until then received fairly little empirical and comparative attention in the reputation literature: the dimensionality of reputation, reputation as an audience‐based approach, and the role of the task environment. The commentary reviews the literature, provides a clear account of extant approaches, and sets out pressing questions for future research."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["rep"]

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Article", url = "https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/rego.12290"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true


+++