+++
title = "In the Line of Fire: European Financial Regulators before, during, and after the Crisis"
date = 2019-02-01T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Tobias Bach", "Jan Boon", "Stefan Boye", "Heidi Houlberg Salomonsen", "Koen Verhoest", "Kai Wegrich"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *der moderne staat*"
publication_short = "In *der moderne staat*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "A key argument in recent theorizing on the drivers of bureaucratic behaviour is that agencies seek to establish and maintain a unique reputation. While recent years have witnessed substantial empirical support for this claim, the field lacks comparative examinations of the dynamics of reputation and its management throughout crisis periods. This article draws on a systematic media content analysis to explore the exposure and communication responses of the German, Belgian and Danish financial regulators to reputational threats before, during, and after the financial crisis. Our results point at the dynamic and context-sensitive nature of reputation management."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["rep"]

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url = [{name = "Article", url = "https://www.budrich-journals.de/index.php/dms/article/view/33443"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true


+++