+++
title = "What happens when the going gets tough? Linking change scepticism, organizational identification, and turnover intentions"
date = 2020-04-17T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jan Boon", "Jan Wynen", "Bjorn Kleizen"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Public Management Review"
publication_short = "Public Management Review"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In times of increasingly turbulent public sector change and frequent career shifts, the relationship between attitudes towards workplace change, organizational identification and turnover intent are highly relevant, but poorly understood. Using data from the Australian Public Service’s (APS) employee survey, this article examines the psychological mechanisms that lead employees to consider leaving their own organization, and the APS as a whole. The combined effect of sceptically perceived workplace change and strong organizational identification leads to an increase in turnover intentions at the organizational level, which testifies to the potentially destructive effect of workplace changes."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url = [{name = "Article", url = "https://www.budrich-journals.de/index.php/dms/article/view/33443"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true


+++
